[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All these islands,
Great Britain, is Avalon,
the land of apples.
The idea of the whole
trip was to open
the wounds related to the
tree of life, to the apples.
In the very beginning
of the path in Avebury,
in Glastonbury, we took the
apples, gave them to the people
and said, "These
are your hearts.
Take care of them until the
very last moment of the path."
So whatever happens
in every stone circle,
feel the apple
becoming your heart.
What I've been experiencing in
this trip, like in any trip,
was this movement of so
much pain and dramas,
and conflicts that we
have all in our story.
And that comes up sometimes.
That was what it was meant to.
Sometimes we feel that if
we are in a conscious path,
if we are doing a
work for the planet
or for the light,
or the universe,
we should all be very beautiful
light beings and workers that
love each other and are
beautiful, and whatever.
And no.
One of the things
that Merlin said was,
"You cannot shine if you
don't go to the darkness.
The darkness is the one
that allows you to shine.
Otherwise, you don't
see your brightness."
So I think that people went
through all this process
of going deep into the darkness
to see their own faults,
to see their own conflicts,
and to understand
that their own inner
process were helping
the process of everyone and that
their own personal conflicts are
actually helping
the entire planet,
like a tiny cell is
helping our entire body.
All this time that I've
been walking and following
stories and bringing people to
all this path for me was like,
we are looking for something
and I have to show something.
But actually was this
process of realization
of how all the huge stories of
mythology, they come together.
Yesterday at the
bridge in Yesnaby,
I was telling the
people, create the bridge
that connects the Earth with
the Heaven, a bridge that
is within us and that we have to
build from our physical reality
to our mind.
And it was the first
time that I thought,
I have to check
what Brodgar means.
Brodgar is a Viking name
that I had no idea about.
And I decided to wear
during the whole trip
the symbols of the Vikings.
And Brodgar means the bridge
in the land or in the field.
Brodgar is the place under
the ground, the physical,
towards Asgard,
which is the Heaven,
the bridge towards the divine.
Merlin was saying, build
a bridge between Brodgar
and Asgard.
And that's why we
are bringing you here
to connect with
that rainbow bridge.
And the rainbow bridge, it is
all the colors of the chakras
together, creating
only one color, which
is this golden white
platinum color that
connects all the others.
And he was showing
me how the difference
between each one of us, how
the process of each one of us
as individuals are creating
a ray of color or a stone
where the information is there.
And then when we
get all together,
all the rainbow appears or
all the stone circle appears.
And by being who we
are supposed to be,
becoming one with the rest,
we create the white light
of enlightenment,
which is the crown.
We create the rainbow.
We create the whole bridge
between Heaven and Earth.
That was my moment of
realization of everything
that I've been
doing, like creating
these bridges, these doors, and
how all these conflicts, all
these projections, all this
initiatic path that everyone is
living within are the ones
that build up the rocks to be
part of the stone circle.
So if we don't do
that initiation,
if we don't do that path for
our own self, our own story,
with our own dramas and traumas,
we cannot build our own spot
in that circle.
And that's why, for me, it was
very fulfilling to understand
all the different traditions
and mythologies that
have been leading me to Brodgar
constantly since the very
first time that I came here
that my guides told me,
you are part of the circle,
but you moved to the wall,
to the center.
And remember, the
center is a circle.
The circle is a center.
There is no one
without the other.
And that gave me the strength
to keep going, to saying,
it doesn't matter if I
have to be in the center
and be in the
center of attention,
or it doesn't matter if I have
to be on the side leaving others
in the center.
I will be always doing
something in the center,
coming back to who I am.
[GENTLE MUSIC]
The stone circle of
Brodgar, now it's
been very protected because
the soil is falling apart
and the plants
that are there have
to be very careful because
they are holding the ground.
You're not allowed to go
inside the circle anymore.
But when I go there, usually
before I get into the circle,
I visit the hills that are
around, which usually were also
places for stones.
Sometimes when we see a huge
circle or a huge pyramid,
we tend to be attracted to
it, like if there's the power.
But sometimes to
access that power,
you shouldn't go straight.
It's like all the calculations
that the spaceship needs
to do in order to get
out of the planet.
You should know specifically
where the energy is going,
where the spinning
is going so you
don't go straight up or straight
to the source because otherwise
you can get burned.
So instead of going straight
to the main power source,
you go to the ones that are
leading you softly to the energy
to prepare yourself to
get into tune with that.
That's why I went to the
circles to ask permission
to say, where are we going?
What are we doing?
And the one that called
me was completely full
with yellow flowers.
So I said, maybe this
is the right spot
to prepare people consciously to
understand why they were there
and why so early.
I call them all to
be there at 4:00 AM,
which is very cold in Orkney
islands, even if it's summer.
So it was freezing.
The idea of that was
because sunrise was at 5:05.
And before the sun rises,
it's still the day before.
It's still-- the day is
out of time in our calendar
where we are working with.
So this is the last hour
of our days out of time.
And in 45 minutes,
it's a sunrise,
so it's the beginning of the
year in Atlantean calendar.
All the path that we have
walked is an inner goal
to sow something external.
This circle reminds
us that for something
to be manifested in the
center, a circle must exist.
When every heart finds
the center of itself,
the circle is formed.
The white light
can only exist when
all the colors get together.
You may think, why
a process like this
must be done in a
place that is cold,
difficult. The Druid said
that the real light of oneself
can only shine in the
adversities of the space
when the environment
is a challenge,
when the time, the water,
the wind is uncomfortable.
The first sentence Merlin
said to me in my life was,
"Cold doesn't exist."
I remember I was in
a mountain in 2012
and I've never
felt Merlin before.
I had no idea about that.
I was in Spain, so no
relation to anything.
It was freezing cold, winter,
February, snow in the mountain,
and I felt someone that
came and said, "Sit down."
And it was snow so
I had to sit wet.
And suddenly his first words
that I have ever felt from him
was, "Cold doesn't exist."
And he started to say that the
reason why we feel the cold
is because we are not
properly activated.
So we have to activate ourselves
and activate the dragon
within us, which is
the divine spark.
So the heartbeat is the one that
activates the energy for you
not to feel the cold.
Cold is absence of energy, so
you have to feel the energy.
So he started to
talk about that,
and he reminded me that today.
The first sentence I ever
heard from Merlin was,
"The cold doesn't exist."
That's why the universe
pulses a bit to create energy.
That's why he said,
the initiatic path
means to search for the cold
places to activate the wit.
That's why I say today to
you, cold doesn't exist.
There is only beat.
Search for the heartbeat.
Locate yourself in the
center of your own circle.
And when you feel the
beat, come to the center.
The ceremony at the
Ring of Brodgar,
for me, it's like
the end of a path
that I've been led
to for a long time.
I haven't felt that I was
supposed to channel there
or to guide or lead anybody.
I actually felt I
understood the messages
that Merlin, through many
years, was telling me.
All the mythology,
all the traditions,
all together related to one
only story, which is basically
to go to the eyes of the cosmos
and to go back to the center
by using the energy
of the kundalini,
by using the crown
of the king of kings,
by putting together the tree,
the toroid, the atoms creating
energy, being the
eyes and the dragon.
So it was like a whole story
in something very simple.
And all the initiatic
path and all the stories
that we have to
leave everything,
it was just about that.
He was telling that to me and I
was explaining that to people.
It was not something
that I knew before.
[GENTLE MUSIC]
With deep breaths, we
begin to hit the inside,
burning the inner fire.
Merlin said, "From the cold, the
path of the dragon is created.
From the movements, from
the breath," he said,
"the Trinity of
the fire and night,
creating the centers of energy,
the chakras that enlighten
the path of creation."
The movement of the
energy is the one
that ignites the spark
that creates the dragon.
The sparks are the sparks
that become the eye of God who
observes Dracon.
Move the body with your breath.
The spark of every chakra
to ignite from the cold.
Ignite the dragon.
Ignite the colors of your being.
Activate your heart.
Feel the ice ignite all the
chakras of those around us
to burn.
I ignite the fire from
the feet to the knees.
With every breath,
I ignite the dragon.
I was not channeling Merlin.
I was becoming what
he always told me.
In that time, I felt he was like
saying to me, now you can do it.
Now you can go and
do that alchemy.
And that made me feel complete
because the first time that I
came to Britain
that he told me, go,
and he made me do this
whole path alone, he said,
"I am guiding you for
you to become me."
And it's not that the
Merlin of the storytellings.
As I said, there
are many Merlins.
So he called himself
the alchemist, this one.
And he said, "I am pushing
you for you to become me."
And in that moment, I felt that.
I felt very dizzy at one moment
that I felt I was falling down.
And I just let myself
die for a moment.
But suddenly, his energy
came back and raised me up
and I felt his presence in
me, not as a channeling,
but as a part of me.
Hold the crown upon your heads.
Hold the fruits in your hearts.
And in the same way, we took the
fruits in the South of Avalon,
we deliver these
fruits to sow the seeds
in the North of consciousness.
This is the alchemy of all the
stories together within us.
This is the bridge
between Heaven and Earth.
Brodgar meet Asgard.
That's why he called
us there to that hill
to prepare us to understand
why we are the bridges so we
could go to the actual bridge.
I recognize my own path
as the stone in a circle.
When all the stones with their
personal path get together,
they create the tree
of life, the circle.
Everything that you
have lived by your own,
when you get in a
circle, it becomes
part of the tree of life.
Welcome to the circle.
Happy new year.
Today was a very powerful,
fulfilling moment
when I saw everyone
going around.
I started to move around
the circle in order
to introduce myself to
each one of the stones,
to say that I'm ready to
accomplish this next step
and weave in my energy
into each one of the stones
so I could be connected
with this place
everywhere all the time,
feeling the connection
of the crown of this
place with my own crown.
And the task was to
take care of the apple,
to sow our information
of this tree of life
that we've been opening all
these rainbow colors inside
of us through every chakra
so we could sow it here
as the trees of life in Brodgar.
So that's why the
last task was to feel
the connection between
Brodgar and Asgard
and deliver the apple as a
seed for the tree of life,
using the poison as a medicine.
It was amazing to see
that it was all cloudy.
There was no way for us to
see the sun rise, anything.
It was 5:00 AM in the
morning, freezing cold.
And as I was completing
the circle, when I saw up,
there was a circle
that was clear around,
exactly above Brodgar.
And everything was
cloudy, but a circle
that was blue above
and an eye appeared
in the sky, a very beautiful
eye like the one in the crop
circle in the middle.
And I just connected to
that and I remembered
I am the one that sees.
I'm the one that sees the
whole, the things, the universe.
And that connection for me was
amazing because the first time
that I ever remembered
the universe,
it was because I was laying down
in my bed with 15, 16 years old
and I saw an eye
coming from the roof.
And this eye touched my own
eyes and I saw the whole thing.
And that's how I
started to remember
the universe and the answers of
the dimensions and everything.
So seeing that eye
on the sky there,
it was like, I'm
home again, like I'm
starting again to see beyond.
Today, which is my birthday,
my 36th turn around the sun,
I felt that all that path that
I've been weaving was completed
in that moment when I translated
the message of Merlin to myself
and to others.
And for me, it was like
understanding the whole history
that I've been
walking through, why
I had to remember
a Viking life, why
I had to remember an
Egyptian life, why
this life and this life,
and this information,
that information.
It was like connecting all
the dots to come to Brodgar
and to build the bridge
to Asgard and Heaven
on Earth, which was the path
that I've been taking in Egypt,
Ater Tumti, bringing Heaven on
Earth, and Brodgar to Asgard,
and it was the same.
So for me, it was like the
two lives, the Viking life
and the Egyptian
life both speaking--
talking to me about this moment
of understanding this stone
circle that we people are and
this bridge that we have within,
and the sword that
is in the center,
and the Philosopher's
stone, which is the ego,
and the crown, which is
all the colors together,
all the chakras together as one.
So all this realization
was fulfilling.
And he told me, this is--
36 is the end of a cycle.
And there is a tradition
in the Atlantean culture
that I remember that there are
nine vowels and 36 consonants.
The vowels are the creators
and the consonants structure
the creation to give it shape.
So the 36 consonants
are actually
the ones that tell
you where to go
and what to do
with that creation.
So once you completed
the 36, it means
that you have come
from the divine
to the seed in the creation.
You have sown the
seed in the very depth
from the doors of the spirit
going through the 36 steps
to be able to put the seat down.
And from there, going
up again 36 to Heaven,
like descension and
ascension path that
gives the 72 steps that
are the notes of the planet
to give the whole term.
I felt that today I accomplished
the first 36 coming down,
from the spiritual
mind where I belonged
till being anchored in
this reality and saying,
"I am here a human, grounded,
living a physical reality,
and I came from the spiritual
world, but now I am here
and I have to be
strong in this reality
and sow the seeds
in this reality.
And I feel that from
this moment on, my task
will be to see how the seed
starts to grow and search
for the light again to go
back to the spiritual realm.
[MUSIC PLAYING]